Draft roadmap (#906)
pangeo-data/pangeo: docs/roadmap.rst

2. **Supporting the Evoloution of the Geoscience Software Stack**: Ongoing and dedicated activitites to deliver software for large-scale geoscience.

Supporting the Pangeo Community
--------------------------------

The Pangeo Steering Committee is committed to maintaining the following community forums:

1. `Pangeo Discourse <https://discourse.pangeo.io>`_
2. `Pangeo Showcase <https://pangeo.io/pangeo-showcase.html>`_
3. `Pangeo Twitter <https://twitter.com/pangeo_data>`_
4. Community events at conferences

Pangeo is looking to hire a part- or full-time communications manager who help with those forums as well as **creating a monthly newsletter**.

This communications manager will also help define a strategy for attending and presenting at conferences attendance and organizing Pangeo-dedicated events. This communications manager will help define what, where and how we communicate about Pangeo. This communications manager will also help revamp the website.

Supporting the Evoloution of the Geoscience Software Stack
----------------------------------------------------------

The Pangeo Steering Committee will drive the evolution of the Geoscience Software Stack. This will include:

> 1. Setting higher level goals to guide the community in development and in writing proposals. For example, Pangeo advocates for the use of STAC to facilitate access to data. We believe setting higher level goals is a core function as a network of resources continues to evolve and sharing conventions is key to cross-platform collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. _Advocate for new directions and best practices in the development of new tools, maintenance of existing tools, and the use of these tools in a geoscience context_: Advocacy will be driven by community input via community forums (e.g. Pangeo meetings or Discourse). We believe that establishing and communicating community-accepted conventions and best-practices is necessary for cross-platform collaboration as the landscape of resources continuously evolves. A current example is the Pangeo advocacy for the use of STAC to facilitate access to datasets.
```
